Your campaign is a stain
On the face of my nation
You shameless, two-faced
And I watch in frustration

While you pocket broken hopes
And profit from loads of folks
Who out looking, in the cold
For a way back home that isn't dope

And it makes my blood boil
That this spoiled little royal
Exploits honest folk of the 
Soil as his toys, damn

Will someone tell me, who made this monster?
It must have been messed -up, moronic, mad-hatter, manic doctor
Oh, Victor I'm surprised open ya eyes you best be tryin to
Count ya crows come home whether or not ya even want em

How can you be so blinded? Aren't you fucking frightened?
You're backing a thin skinned goblin who likes to bite on your wiveses?
How you can trust such a jumped up muchkin? Since when can an Oompa-Loompa function
To hold the highest office with digits itchin for the big red button?

/HOOK
don't tread on me
mothafucka, don't tread on me
You best watch yourself before you make an enemy
Your rotten tendencies have made this vote a parody
We gonna burn it down, wipe it out, your legacy
/HOOK

Does the big baby need a bow on his bonnet?
Does he want a lullaby or a sonnet? I'm on it
I'll come sedate the harlot with a sharp, bitter tonic
Man, I'm convinced that you outta be collared
Collared like a dog (like a dog)
Colored black in the heart (in the heart) 
Collard like the green (like the green)
the green that is your god (fuck your god)

Don, you ain't a baller, you a slob
You enslaved to the rock
But you'll never be a Rock
Man I love watching you tongue-tied in knots
At the podium standing, there's a  yellow-bellied cur, 
Your bellows made me certain when I heard all the words
In your first fucking speech that you were just perverse
They running a rat, what happens to a dream deferred?

I'm a bad hombre, that's true ok?
But I'm more American than you, you venomous snake
You just take and take, playing humble folks who make us great
And brag all day about your mistakes and how've you'll save
Us from a charade
Like I believe a word you say?
Your clumsy twitter fingers 
Throwing shade at heads of state
You think you're safe, you ain't
We're coming, you just wait

YOU JUST WAIT
YOU JUST WAIT
MOTHERFUCKER
YOU JUST WAIT...YAH

/HOOK
don't tread on me
mothafucka, don't tread on me
You best watch yourself before you make an enemy
Your rotten tendencies have made this vote a parody
We gonna burn it down, wipe it out, your legacy
/HOOK